fix(curriculum): add internal links using href and id to review pages (#63593)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/review-semantic-html/671a83934b61f64cefe87a61.md

</p>
```

> - **Linking to an element on the same page**: You can navigate to a specific part of the page by using an element’s `id` inside the `href` attribute. This is commonly used for skip links, table of contents, or long pages with multiple sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Internal links**: used to link to another section of the page by using `href="#id"` on an `a` element and giving the destination element the same `id`. This is commonly used for skip links, table of contents, or long pages with multiple sections.
```
